# Password-Generator
HW3 Password Generator
I built two separate generators, which in hindsight, was a terrible idea.  I tried to take elements from both to make one that I really liked.  After hours of tinkering
with code, I pushed of the original ones that was fully functional.  The description is not the order in which I constructed this 
page, just the order as it appears in the script.

I started by making several different constants using getElementById.  These were called upon throughtout the script.

Next, I named more constants in order to assign values to the 4 separate variables that a user could include in generating the 
password.

By using an eventListener, the page enabled users to check boxes to get different values for their password.  

Added a clipboard to copy using the eventListener again to take final value of password, commanding a "copy", then added an alert
to let the user know that they have copied their password. 

The generate password function is generated by using the 5 variables, if user checked all boxes + lenght chosen.

The four functions at the bottom is what actually generates the password.  it uses charCode, whicH I was not familiar with.  
This is the reason why I orignally did not want to use this generator.  Basically you tell the function to look at a table in which all 
letters and numbers are assigned a value and I chose the range to pull from.  I personally liked putting all values in array and pulling from there.  This just seemed to add time and more lines to my script sheet.

I added the folder of the failed generator. 
